Sister, why is there no response?
Don't worry about continuing the curse
Can I not be in a hurry?
So many people are looking at me
Hahahaha
It seems that the old man is overthinking
You kid is just a lie
So scared
Marshal
If you don't get rid of this man
Old man, I will never handle cases again
Drive away drive away
It depends on us, Long Lao, wait a minute.
How is that possible?
Help me turn him over
These handprints
They don't all look human.
Normally so
How about that?
These fingerprints were left through the clothes
When people die
The yang energy of the human body will escape from the pores
If there are clothes blocking it
Will leave yin and yang liquid
Unless there is a special way
Otherwise, it will never be finished.
Oh, I remember now.
Last night
I vaguely heard my daughter in the room
He kept saying things like don't come here.
So my daughter didn't commit suicide